Changelog for v4.0.0-beta.1 (#5274)
apollographql/apollo-kotlin: CHANGELOG.md

Change Log
==========

# Version 4.0.0-beta.1

_2023-10-02_

The first beta of the next major version of Apollo Kotlin is here!

While there still may be a few API changes before the stable release, we are getting close and this is a great time to try out the new version and report any issues you might find!

## 💙️ External contributors

Many thanks to @baconz and @hbmartin for their awesome contributions to this release! 

## ❗️ Schema Nullability Extensions (#5191)

> It is now possible to change the nullability of fields _and_ list elements at the schema level with a new syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GraphQL community [is working hard at making it easier to work with nullability in GraphQL](https://github.com/graphql/client-controlled-nullability-wg/). 

In Apollo Kotlin, it is now possible to change the nullability of fields _and_ list elements at the schema level using schema extensions. This is useful if you believe the schema made a field nullable for error reasons only and you don't want to handle those errors. In these cases, the whole query will return as an error.
```
